Add IPv6 support for ScyllaClusters (#2956)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs/source/management/networking/ipv6/tutorials/ipv6-getting-started.md

scylla-ipv6-tutorial-tutorial-dc-tutorial-rack-0      [IPv4 IPv6]        PreferDualStack
scylla-ipv6-tutorial-tutorial-dc-tutorial-rack-1      [IPv4 IPv6]        PreferDualStack
scylla-ipv6-tutorial-tutorial-dc-tutorial-rack-2      [IPv4 IPv6]        PreferDualStack
```

The `IP-FAMILIES` column shows both IPv4 and IPv6, confirming dual-stack configuration.

## Step 6: Verify cluster health

Check the cluster status using nodetool:

```bash
kubectl exec -it scylla-ipv6-tutorial-tutorial-dc-tutorial-rack-0 -n scylla -c scylla -- nodetool status
```

**Expected output:**
```
Datacenter: tutorial-dc
=======================
Status=Up/Down
|/ State=Normal/Leaving/Joining/Moving
--  Address        Load       Tokens       Owns    Host ID                               Rack
UN  10.244.1.5     256 KB     256          ?       a1b2c3d4-...                          tutorial-rack
UN  10.244.2.6     256 KB     256          ?       e5f6g7h8-...                          tutorial-rack
UN  10.244.3.7     256 KB     256          ?       i9j0k1l2-...                          tutorial-rack
```

All nodes should have status `UN` (Up/Normal).

:::{tip}

> Notice the addresses are IPv4 (like `10.244.x.x`). This is expected because we configured IPv4 as the first IP family in our configuration. ScyllaDB uses IPv4 for inter-node communication, while services are accessible via both protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the addresses are of the family (either IPv4 or IPv6) that matches the first family that we set under `ipFamilies` in an earlier step. In this case, the addresses are IPv4 (like `10.244.x.x`), while services are accessible via both protocols.
```

    scylla-ipv6-tutorial-client.scylla.svc.cluster.local 9042 \
  -e "SELECT cluster_name,broadcast_address FROM system.local;"  
```

**Example output**
```
-------------------+---------------------
 cluster_name      | tutorial
 broadcast_address | 10.96.136.225

(1 rows)
pod "cqlsh" deleted
```

## Understanding your configuration

Let's break down what you configured:

### Network settings

```yaml
network:
  ipFamilyPolicy: PreferDualStack  # Use dual-stack if available
  ipFamilies:
    - IPv4  # First = ScyllaDB's internal protocol
    - IPv6  # Second = Additional service accessibility
  dnsPolicy: ClusterFirst  # Essential for proper DNS resolution
```

**Key points:**
- The **first** IP family (`IPv4`) determines what protocol ScyllaDB uses internally
- The **second** IP family (`IPv6`) makes services accessible via IPv6 too
- `PreferDualStack` falls back to single-stack if dual-stack isn't available

### Expose options

```yaml
exposeOptions:
  broadcastOptions:
    nodes:
      type: PodIP  # Nodes broadcast their Pod IPs
    clients:
      type: ServiceClusterIP  # Clients connect via service IPs
```

> These settings control how ScyllaDB nodes advertise themselves to each other and to clients.

Reviewer: This is not IPv6 related; if we want to highlight this, it should link to the exposing documentation page.
